why am I even trying to be a nurse I'm
gonna be delivering pizzas and cleaning
carpets for the rest of my life
you're very attractive for a carpet
cleaning lady although you maybe could
do something with your hair
yeah no that's not it it's your face
yeah well it's for that great could you
be a doll and gamelon snack you know I
was just hired to do carpets right
you're fired
I bet you haven't worked a single day in
your entire self absorbed light here's
the devil
I own the cleaning company 3000 bucks
and they fired me rich people get away
with everything
I don't know what day it is
I don't even know my own name of ninja
in our little town that's him I have an
idea that is poetic and it's justice I'm
here to pick up my husband Julie my wife
for better worse baby poor yep
how could he don't look like me we had
to use the sperm donor
I just what do we do for a living I'm
pretty sure I've never worked
construction I might need more suited
for light of his work
I'll go easier
[Music]
why does he only do your chores he's not
babysitting cuz you think is a pervert
of course not that's a pervert nothing
thing can avoid I'm gonna try a little
harder maybe I'll surprise myself
he has paid his debt I have tortured him
long enough you're telling a
ditch-digger he's a billionaire pretty
serious gonna be okay with it having
your dad around we want to keep him you
guys are good together
I love having a fake husband maybe next
time ask you to commit a crime you won't
fight me on it can I get you to halt the
dirt on the other side of the house no
big English sorry I will talk to Bobby
see Bowie I love doing that
[Music]